---
layout: project
github: jquery.showpasswords
permalink: jquery.showpasswords/
categories: 
 - jquery
 - plugin
title: Showpasswords
tagline: Creates the illusion of one input being used for both username and password
description: JQuery plugin that lets the user display their password as they type it
head: '
<script type="text/javascript" src="http://github.com/stenehall/jQuery.showpasswords/raw/master/jquery.showpasswords.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
	jQuery(document).ready(function() {
 		jQuery.showpasswords(
				{ 	label: "Something else", 
					clearOnFocus: false, 
					prefix: "new-prefix-"
				}
			);
 	});
</script>
'
---

p(meta). 21 November 2010

Add a checkbox that toggles passwords *** to clear text. Just use your regular html forms and trigger showpasswords and you're done.

h2(code_example). <a href="#code_example">Code example</a>

<pre>jQuery(document).ready(function() {
	jQuery.showpasswords();
});</pre>

h2(arguments). <a href="#arguments">Arguments</a>

showpasswords take three arguments, but you don't need to use any if you don't want. The defaults are reasonable in my opinion.

<dl>
	<dt>clearOnFocus</dt>
	<dd>By default set to true wich means that if the default value will be cleared when the input is focused. Just set it to false if you don't want this.</dd>
	<dt>label</dt>
	<dd>This it what the label for the checkbox should say. This you might want to change.</dd>
	<dt>prefix</dt>
	<dd>If you for some reason cant use the default prefix, 'clear-', you can just change this.</dd>
</dl>

<pre>jQuery.showpasswords(
	{ label: 'Something else', clearOnFocus: true, prefix: 'new-prefix-'}
);</pre>

h2(example). <a href="#example">Example</a>

<section class="example">
	<p><input type="password" name="some_name" value="Password" id="some_name" /></p>
</section>